Now if you looked at the repository for this,
you'll notice that I've already setup CircleCI.
You even get the little passing badge here
saying that it did pass test.
Let's take a look at the configuration for that
as we are using the new CircleCI 2.0
and that has been configured here.
It's a little bit different
than the Maven configuration.
Going in, let me hide this so we can see
the full YAML file here.
This is the CircleCI configuration
and the first thing we do is on line 10 there,
we're saying take it from a circleci/openjdk image.
That's a Docker image that CircleCI is using
under the covers that's pre-configured for us
and it's gonna have a lot of the build tools
that we're gonna be using
so I imagine it has Maven and Gradle
installed on that image.
Now, we can see down on line 19,
we're setting up the JVM environment
and we are giving it actually
a good chunk of memory there.
I took this from their example,
so the term dumb,
I'm not quite sure why that is there,
but it's setting up a dumb terminal.
It's probably something that they found.
I've tried it without it,
it runs fine.
But it's probably there just in case
for a more complex type thing.
Now, we can also see there on line 27,
it is caching the dependencies.
This sets up a cache with inside a CircleCI.
Between the builds, it's gonna restore the dependency
cache so it's not going out and downloading that.
If you ever watch,
If you ever delete your Maven home,
and your .m2,
the first time that you build
is gonna take some time
because all those jars
and it's gonna go out there
and download quite a bit of data.
That can definitely speed up.
We go out and get the Gradle dependencies
on line 34 there
and we save that cache.
Then, the next thing there, on line 42,
is we're doing a clean test
jacocoTestReport, I'm gonna get into
in the next video,
that is for the test coverage.
Then, on line 44,
we are gonna be saving the test results
so that we can store those test results there.
Toggle back over here
and we can take a look at it.
In CircleCI we can see
that I do have this setup,
in our mongo-recipe-app.
I'll show you how quickly this does kick off.
Let's go ahead and make
a small whitespace change here.
Oh, we'll just do,
Eliminate that little guy there.
We're eliminating a comment line
and I'm going to go ahead and commit this.
Just making a whitespace change.
I'll Commit and Push it.
And we'll Push.
Now the CircleCI, the way that's working
is it's actually getting a webhook
so it went up there,
it committed up to GitHub,
and then a webhook went out and hit CircleCI
and triggered the build.
You can see just how fast
the builds will actually run.
I'm not gonna make us wait for the entire thing
but you can see that the build does kick off
and run pretty quick.
I'm not expecting this to fill
but I wanted to show you
just how quickly the CircleCI build
will kick off for us.
Alright, there's one more thing I wanna show you here.
This little badge here, this little passing badge,
I wanna show you how to get that out of CircleCI.
If you come up here
and look at the application
and go to settings
and right here you can do Status Badges.
This gives you the Markdown.
You actually can do several different formats
but I am using Markdown for that.
Cut and paste that right there.
CTRL-C but come over to your README file
and that, this here out of CircleCI,
that is what's providing this pass badge.
So, if your build starts to fail,
that badge will actually change to failing.
But that's a quick way when you can see
right out your repository,
you do get that badge.
We are gonna get into the code coverage next,
in the next video,
and I'll show you exactly how to work with that.